Add note about support model for Snapchat (#3472)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-snap-conversions/index.md

> warning ""
> If you hash identifiers upstream before sending to Segment, Segment still hashes that data before sending to Snap. This results in a double hash that won't be able to be matched on. Please ensure your fields are not hashed prior to sending through the Snapchat Conversions API destination.

## Support

> The Snapchat Conversions API destination is owned and maintained by the Snap team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snap team owns and maintains the Snapchat Conversions API destination.
```
